CVS-77193 DAG layout intersections & binary image handling changes (#1143)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/binary_input.md

- if input shape is [1,90,200,3] it will be resized into [1,100,200,3]
- if input shape is [1,220,200,3] it will be resized into [1,200,200,3]

> When the endpoint (model or pipeline) shape supports any dimension value (`-1`), the image is not resized and it is enforced to have resolution aligned for entire batch of images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the endpoint (model or pipeline) shape includes a dynamic dimension value (`-1`), the image is not resized and it is enforced to have identical resolution for a whole batch of images.
```

> Resize functionality is also disabled by default for endpoints with layouts different than `...` and `NHWC` (or `N?HWC`, when modified by demultiplexer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resize functionality is also disabled for endpoints with layouts different than `...` and `NHWC` (or `N?HWC`, when modified by a [demultiplexer](demultiplexing.md) ).
```

> Resize functionality is also disabled by default for endpoints with layouts different than `...` and `NHWC` (or `N?HWC`, when modified by demultiplexer).

Reviewer: With such layout, I guess the binary format is not supported at all

Author: Binary format is supported for those layouts. NHWC, N?NHWC (in case of demultiplexer) and ... (in case of single custom node at the DAG entry)

Author: What do you mean by that?

> Processing the binary image requests requires the model or the custom nodes have layout compatible with `N...HWC` and BGR color 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requests with binary images can be processed for models or the custom nodes with the input layout `NHWC` or `N...HWC`. The models' inputs should use BGR color format.
```

Author: This is not true, requests with binary images can be processed for any layout that is compatible with `N...HWC`, as stated in my change.
This means, binary images are supported for any endpoint with layout that can be intersected with `N...HWC`, for example:
- ... (custom node)
- N... (default model layout)
- N?... (default model layout + demultiplexer)
- NH... (--layout NH...)
- NHW... (--layout NHW...)
- NHWC  (--layout NHWC)
- N?HWC (--layout NHWC + demultiplexer)

Author: Improved the doc

format with data with the data range from 0-255. Original layout of the input data can be changed in the 
OVMS configuration in runtime. For example when the orignal model has input shape [1,3,224,224] add a parameter
in the OVMS configuration "layout": "NHWC:NCHW" or the command line parameter `--layout NHWC:NCHW`. In result, the model will

> have effective shape [1,224,224,3] and layout `NHWC`, which is compatible with `N...HWC`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have effective shape [1,224,224,3] and layout `NHWC`.
```

Author: done
